[Music]
Hey what brings you into the gym today
Oh hip dip say yeah don't worry too much
about it totally normal
you know Marilyn Monroe had them right
yeah but it was Marilyn Monroe
so nobody cared anyway if you want to
get rid of your dips I have just the
workout plan for you and don't tell my
boss I told you but you can easily do
these at home
standing side leg lifts we're focusing
on the sides of your hips and the glutes
stand straight with your side facing a
sturdy object the chair table or wall
you can hold on to it to keep your
balance slowly lift your leg out to the
side while keeping it straight you'll
feel a slight stretch in your inner
thighs so don't rush it hold it for
three seconds and then slowly lower your
leg two sets of ten on each leg and
you're ready to move on squats now we're
gonna focus on toning your leg muscles
stand with your feet slightly wider than
your hips
toes forward back straight abs engaged
there you go slowly bend your knees like
you're sitting down on an imaginary
chair your knees should make a 90-degree
angle when you lower yourself hold it
for three seconds and come back up it'll
be two sets of 15 for this one side
lunges let's tackle those inner and
outer thighs and try to strengthen your
hammies and quads stand with your legs
wider than shoulder-width apart shift
your body weight to the right foot while
keeping your left foot sturdy on the
ground bend your right knee down to a 90
degree angle hold it for three seconds
and come back up do ten reps switch legs
and finish with two full sets side to
side squats we're still strengthening
your leg muscles but you'll also work on
your core balance and flexibility
I know quadruple whammy right okay
enough chitchat
stand up straight with your legs
together lower yourself down into a
squat now move your left foot to the
left and bring your right foot to meet
the left one follow that by extending
your right foot to the right and bring
your left foot to meet the right one try
for fifteen reps if you can standing
kickback lunges another string building
exercise that'll help your balance to
stand with your feet hip width apart
take a front step with your left leg and
lunge keep your front knee in line with
your toes while coming back up kick your
left leg back and squeeze your glutes
we're to knit at the starting position
and repeat with your right leg
two sets 15 reps you know the drill with
that you need a drink of water sure go
ahead just don't overdo it feel free to
take a short break every two minutes or
so alright let's keep going curtsy
lunges you'll need to stay low on the
ground and your side glutes and thighs
will feel it start in a standing
position with your feet together toes
forward lift your left leg and bring it
behind your right leg like crossing your
thighs as your left leg touches down
then both your knees into a ninety
degree angle
hold that for three seconds and come
back up two sets of 10 on each leg and
move on to kneeling side leg lips let's
focus on the hips outer thighs and
glutes seeing a pattern here
targeting these areas is the recipe for
getting rid of hip dips get on all fours
engage your core and lift your right leg
out to the side with your knees still
bent at a 90 degree angle lower that leg
but don't let it touch the floor that's
one rep do ten switch legs and ten more
on both leg kickbacks stay down on all
fours with your abs tensed extend your
left leg back behind
and as you lift straighten it go as high
as you can then lower your leg but don't
let it touch the floor and repeat ten
switch ten more on each you've got it
glute bridges lie down on your back with
your palms touching the floor at your
sides bend your knees and keep your feet
a bit wider than your hips
lift your hips toward the ceiling oh
yeah you'll feel it in your glutes
alright hold it for three seconds and
lower back down do 20 reps for this one
during the last pose keep your body up
for 15 seconds side leg raises lying
down let's give those outer thighs and
glutes another go engage the muscles in
your hips to tone them as well lie down
on your left side and keep your body
straight support your head with your
left hand lift your right leg while
keeping it straight then lower it back
down but don't let it touch your left
leg do 15 reps on each side and two sets
will do it the rainbow get on all fours
again keep your knees slightly apart and
your hands right below your shoulders
extend your right leg out to the side
and keep your toes pointed lift your leg
bring it on the other side of your bent
left leg and lower it toward the floor
without touching it like you're drawing
an imaginary rainbow in the air behind
you bring it back to the right side and
repeat ten reps on each leg two times
bare plank leg lifts now let's try
strengthening your core while also
focusing on your quads thighs and glutes
start in a straight arm plank your
wrists should be in line with your
shoulders and your back straight lift
your right leg up and bend your knee to
bring your heel towards your bottom
extend that leg toward the ceiling use
those glutes to do it hold it like that
for three seconds and lower your leg
back down not to the ground though ten
of those on each leg twice
so you're gonna do these at home right
okay don't go anywhere yet I have some
other exercises you can do while getting
some chores done around the house
well and some for when you're just
lazing around bicep curls bringing the
groceries in grab a bag in each hand
keep your elbows firmly pressed against
your sides engage your abs and lift each
bag towards your shoulder do that for
however long it takes you to get them
from your car to your house our new
Toney cleaning the windows you don't
need me to tell you what an arm workout
this is but make it more effective by
keeping your abs tense as you wipe away
all that dust and soot blocking your
windows up don't forget to switch arms
squats putting dishes away every time
you grab a dish do a squat before you
put it in the cupboard you can also do
this as you're loading the dishwasher
keep doing it until you run out of
dishes no need to count lunges vacuuming
the carpet you already know how to do
them but you might need to vacuum the
same spot a few times every time you
push the vacuum forward bring your front
knee over your ankle bend it and lower
yourself to the ground your back knee
should slightly tap on the floor then
finally push off your front leg return
to the starting position and switch
sides every time you change spots
jumping jacks
folding clean laundry you fold something
do three jumping jacks grab another item
three more jumps and well do that until
you finish the folding bicycle crunches
watching TV while you're sitting on the
couch enjoying your shows lift your legs
bend your knees at 90 degrees keep your
core engaged and start spinning your
legs as if you're pushing imaginary
pedals ten minutes should do it for this
one
seated scissors chillin on the couch
once you've finished your bicycle
crunches extend both your legs and keep
them straight start crossing them back
and forth like your body is a giant pair
of scissors I'll cut that out and do
that for five to ten minutes who says
you need a gym to get fit I could go on
but I'll let my assistant finish the
list of ways to sneak in workouts at
home down in the commets hey that you
bright cider you're up and if you learn
something new today that give the video
a like and share it with a friend and
here are some other cool videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life